# Project Communiknow

Empowering communities to build and share opinionated knowledge on products and experiences.

## Project Overview
This repository provides a community platform for capturing and sharing product reviews and recommendations, especially for non-digital goods and experiences where physical interactions and experiences are paramount. The platform addresses the opaque nature of modern product reviews and recommendations and their limited efficacy in capturing the nuances of physical products.

## Problem Statements

**Opaque Product Reviews:**
- In the modern digital advertising landscape, product reviews and recommendations are often opaque. It's challenging to determine which products have been reviewed and compared, or whether expert opinions are available.

**Limited Reviews for Physical Products:**
- Online reviews often fall short in capturing the nuances of physical products and experiences. Aspects like touch, sound, and feel cannot be easily conveyed over the internet.

## Goals (in descending order of priority)
Critical (v1)

1. Enable communities to jointly conduct and view product reviews and comparisons

2. Provide communities with "best-of" recommendations generated by their product reviews and comparisons

Longer-term

3. Allow communities to easily stay updated with the latest releases/news from their trusted set of product suppliers

4. Allow communities to easily act on product interest without being stopped by typical barriers-to-entry met by individual hobbyists (logistics, import/shipping costs, bulk-purchase requirements etc)

## Key Initiatives

**Community-Powered Wiki:**
- Enable niche communities to create a collaborative wiki for conducting 1-to-1 product reviews and comparisons.

**Product Rankings and Recommendations:**
- Generate "best-of" recommendations for key product traits based on accumulated product comparisons over time.

**Shared Newsfeed:** 
- Keep the community informed about the latest product releases from trusted and preferred suppliers.

**Joint Product Exploration:** 
- Allow members to suggest and request products they want to explore together and subsequently purchase for the community to experience and review in physical meetups.

## Differentiators
<br> 1. **Community-Centric:** Focuses on empowering niche communities to share their expertise and opinions.
<br><br> 2. **Opinionated Approach:** We are experimenting with and presenting specific methods of interactions and knowledge sharing - compared to the more free-form methods seen on other community platforms such as Wikipedia and Reddit
<br><br> 3. **Physical Product Emphasis:** Caters to the nuances of non-digital goods and experiences.
<br><br> 4. **Collaborative:** Facilitates joint product exploration and review.
<br><br> 5. Version Control: Provides historical context and reference for the wiki's content.

## Project Timeline (Aspirations)

**Initial Launch**
- Targeting an initial scope solving the first 2 critical goals by Q1
- MVP will look to serve the context of a local (Singaporean) custom mechanical keyboard community sharing product knowledge together
